Release 2.8 (previously 2.7.4) (#12057)
meteor/meteor: docs/source/commandline.md

`--apollo`

> Create a basic [Apollo + Reac](https://www.apollographql.com/) app.

Reviewer: Typo.

Create a basic [React](https://reactjs.org) + [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) app.

`--chakra-ui`

> Create a basic [chakra-ui](https://chakra-ui.com/) app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a basic [React](https://reactjs.org) + [Chakra-UI](https://chakra-ui.com/) app.
```

The `cache-build` option is available since Meteor 1.11.
{% endpullquote %}

> With the argument `--container-size` you can change your app's container size using the deploy command. The valid arguments are: `tiny`, `compact`, `standard`, `double`, `quad`, `octa`, and `dozen`. One more thing to note here is that the `--container-size` flag can only be used when the `--plan` option is already specified, else the use of `--container-size` option will throw an error with the message : `Error deploying application: Internal error`. To see more about the difference and prices of each one you can check it [here](https://www.meteor.com/cloud#pricing-section). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the argument `--container-size` you can change your app's container size using the deploy command. The valid arguments are: `tiny`, `compact`, `standard`, `double`, `quad`, `octa`, and `dozen`. One more thing to note here is that the `--container-size` flag can only be used when the `--plan` option is already specified, otherwise using the `--container-size` option will throw an error with the message : `Error deploying application: Internal error`. To see more about the difference and prices of each one you can check [here](https://www.meteor.com/cloud#pricing-section). 
```
